Remove Sketch from Monorepo, CI workflow and docs (Issue/2539) (#2623)
porsche-design-system/porsche-design-system: packages/storefront/src/pages/must-know/versioning.md

# Versioning

We value stability and transparency. Thus we strive to ensure that our reusable components, libraries and familiar

> practices don't become obsolete often and unexpectedly.

Reviewer: I don' reallyget the sense of this sentence 🤓. 
"_...familiar practices don't become obsolete often and unexpectedly_" ?

Maybe we could strip it down to something like this:
"Thus we strive to ensure that our reusable components and libraries don't become outdated and obsolete."

> We value stability and transparency. Thus we strive to ensure that our reusable components, libraries and familiar
> practices don't become obsolete often and unexpectedly.

Author: ```suggestion
We value stability and transparency. Thus we strive to ensure that our reusable components and libraries don't become outdated and obsolete.
```
